pages/_index.md, before:

---
template: index.html
title: forlater.email — email-based bookmarking
subtitle: an email-based bookmarking service
---

## what?

forlater is an email-based bookmarking service. You send us an
email with a link (or links), and receive a readable, clutter-free
version of the article in an email.

This is a *"paid service"* -- you just pay how much ever you want via:

- [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/icyphox/donate) (recurring)
- [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/icyphox) (one-time)
- BTC: `3DLkSNkWugYUzh5A5WyhB5J9untA9sUrDX` (not preferred)

I insist that you try it out before you do; you can better gauge how
much value you derive from forlater. It's completely fine if you don't
want to pay too!

## how does it work?

Easy. Do this:

- Grab a link. Copy it to your clipboard; use your phone's share-menu,
  whatever.
- Compose an email using any mail client to `save@forlater.email` with
  the link in the body. The subject doesn't matter.
- On desktop, you can use the Firefox/Chrome [browser
  add-ons](/add-ons).
- Hit send and give it a moment.

All pages are sent as both `text/html` and `text/plain`. The plaintext is
optimized for maximum readability, with all images and links converted
to footnotes. The HTML is minimally styled, and should look fine in just
about any mail client.

## but why email?

The reason is simple: you get organization for free. All mail sent by us
originate from `saved@forlater.email` (notice `saved`!), and you can
filter these however you like.

For example, here's a [sieve](http://sieve.info/) filter for redirecting
mail from `saved@forlater.email` to a folder called `Read Later`.

```sieve
require ["fileinto", "mailbox"];
if address "From" "saved@forlater.email"
{
    fileinto :create "Read Later";
}
```

Or, if you use GMail, you can [create filter
rules](https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6579?hl=en#zippy=%2Ccreate-a-filter)
to automatically label mail from `saved@forlater.email`.

In short: do it however you like! That's the beauty of email.

## important notes

forlater is still beta quality software. The web is hard, and so is
email. Some pages might not get parsed properly; if you're trying to
save pages that don't primarily have much text, it probably won't work
very well.

## contact

If you're having issues of any kind (didn't receive your saved link;
link didn't render correctly; etc.), please feel free to email me with
relevant details at [x@icyphox.sh](mailto:x@icyphox.sh) and I'll be
happy to take a look.

Commit message:

Add note about feature completeness

pages/_index.md, after:

---
template: index.html
title: forlater.email — email-based bookmarking
subtitle: an email-based bookmarking service
---

## what?

forlater is an email-based bookmarking service. You send us an
email with a link (or links), and receive a readable, clutter-free
version of the article in an email.

This is a *"paid service"* -- you just pay how much ever you want via:

- [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/icyphox/donate) (recurring)
- [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/icyphox) (one-time)
- BTC: `3DLkSNkWugYUzh5A5WyhB5J9untA9sUrDX` (not preferred)

I insist that you try it out before you do; you can better gauge how
much value you derive from forlater. It's completely fine if you don't
want to pay too!

## how does it work?

Easy. Do this:

- Grab a link. Copy it to your clipboard; use your phone's share-menu,
  whatever.
- Compose an email using any mail client to `save@forlater.email` with
  the link in the body. The subject doesn't matter.
- On desktop, you can use the Firefox/Chrome [browser
  add-ons](/add-ons).
- Hit send and give it a moment.

All pages are sent as both `text/html` and `text/plain`. The plaintext is
optimized for maximum readability, with all images and links converted
to footnotes. The HTML is minimally styled, and should look fine in just
about any mail client.

## but why email?

The reason is simple: you get organization for free. All mail sent by us
originate from `saved@forlater.email` (notice `saved`!), and you can
filter these however you like.

For example, here's a [sieve](http://sieve.info/) filter for redirecting
mail from `saved@forlater.email` to a folder called `Read Later`.

```sieve
require ["fileinto", "mailbox"];
if address "From" "saved@forlater.email"
{
    fileinto :create "Read Later";
}
```

Or, if you use GMail, you can [create filter
rules](https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6579?hl=en#zippy=%2Ccreate-a-filter)
to automatically label mail from `saved@forlater.email`.

In short: do it however you like! That's the beauty of email.

## important notes

forlater is still beta quality software. The web is hard, and so is
email. Some pages might not get parsed properly; if you're trying to
save pages that don't primarily have much text, it probably won't work
very well.

All that said, forlater is generally *feature complete*. I'm its biggest
user and it does everything I need. You are free to suggest features,
but I probably won't implement them unless I myself find it useful.

## contact

If you're having issues of any kind (didn't receive your saved link;
link didn't render correctly; etc.), please feel free to email me with
relevant details at [x@icyphox.sh](mailto:x@icyphox.sh) and I'll be
happy to take a look.
